[docs]: add configuration reference (#397)
hyperledger-iroha/iroha-2-docs: src/api/config/torii-params.md

# Torii Parameters

TODO: Explain Torii module

## `torii.api_address`

- **ENV:** `API_ENDPOINT`
- **Type:** String, [Socket-Address](glossary#type-socket-address)
- **Required**

> Address for client API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Address of the client API.
```

```toml
[torii]
api_address = "localhost:8080"
```

## `torii.telemetry_address`

- **Type:** String, [Socket-Address](glossary#type-socket-address)
- **Optional**

> address for reporting internal status and metrics for administration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Address for reporting internal status and metrics for administration.
```

::: info

> This section differs from the[Telemetry](telemetry-params) section. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section differs from the [Telemetry](telemetry-params) section. This
```

parameter is regarding "passive" telemetry requested by external actors, while that
section is about "active" outbound telemetry, actively produced by Iroha.

:::

## `torii.max_transaction_size`

- **Type:** String or Number, [Byte Size](glossary#type-byte-size)
- **Default:** $2^{15} = 32\ 768$

The maximum number of bytes in a raw transaction. Used to prevent DOS
attacks.

## `torii.max_content_len`

- **Type:** String or Number, [Byte Size](glossary#type-byte-size)
- **Default:** $2^{12} \cdot 4\ 000 = 16\ 384\ 000$

The maximum number of bytes in a raw message. Used to prevent DOS attacks.

## `torii.fetch_amount`

- **Type:** Number
- **Default:** $10$

> How many query results are returned in one batch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of query results returned in one batch
```

# Torii Parameters

Explain Torii module

## `torii.api_address`

- **ENV:** `API_ENDPOINT`
- **Type:** String, [Socket-Address](glossary#type-socket-address)
- **Required**

Address for client API.

```toml
[torii]
api_address = "localhost:8080"
```

## `torii.telemetry_address`

- **Type:** String, [Socket-Address](glossary#type-socket-address)
- **Optional**

address for reporting internal status and metrics for administration.

::: info

> This is different from [Telemetry](telemetry-params) section. This parameter is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section differs from the [Telemetry](telemetry-params) section. This parameter is
```

> about "passive" telemetry, requested by external actors. That section is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
regarding "passive" telemetry requested by external actors, while that section is
```

about "active" outbound telemetry, actively produced by Iroha.

:::

## `torii.max_transaction_size`

- **Type:** String or Number, [Byte Size](glossary#type-byte-size)
- **Default:** $2^{15} = 32\ 768$

> Maximum number of bytes in raw transaction. Used to prevent from DOS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The maximum number of bytes in a raw transaction. Used to prevent DOS
```

attacks.

## `torii.max_content_len`

- **Type:** String or Number, [Byte Size](glossary#type-byte-size)
- **Default:** $2^{12} \cdot 4\ 000 = 16\ 384\ 000$

> Maximum number of bytes in raw message. Used to prevent from DOS attacks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The maximum number of bytes in a raw message. Used to prevent DOS attacks.
```

## `torii.fetch_amount`

- **Type:** Number
- **Default:** $10$

How many query results are returned in one batch

## `torii.query_idle_time`

- **Type:** String or Number, [Duration](glossary#type-duration)
- **Default:** 30 seconds

> Time query can remain in the store if unaccessed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The time a query can remain in the store if unaccessed
```

# Torii Parameters

TODO: Explain Torii module

> This module contains configuration of [Torii](/guide/glossary#torii) - the API gateway of Iroha. Refer to the [Torii Endpoints reference](/api/torii-endpoints) for information about exact endpoints.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module contains configuration of [Torii](/guide/glossary#torii), the API gateway of Iroha. Refer to the [Torii Endpoints reference](/api/torii-endpoints) for detailed information about endpoints.  
```

## `torii.address`

- **ENV:** `API_ENDPOINT`
- **Type:** String, [Socket-Address](glossary#type-socket-address)
- **Required**

> Address on which Torii Endpoints will be accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Address at which Torii Endpoints will be accessible.
```
